c:\users\rolands\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharePointMigrationTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\SharePointMigrationTool.exe.config
c:\users\rolands\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharePointMigrationTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\SharePointMigrationTool.exe
c:\users\rolands\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharePointMigrationTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\SharePointMigrationTool.pdb
c:\users\rolands\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharePointMigrationTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Client.dll
c:\users\rolands\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharePointMigrationTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Client.Runtime.dll
c:\users\rolands\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharePointMigrationTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.dll
c:\users\rolands\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharePointMigrationTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Client.ServerRuntime.dll
c:\users\rolands\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharePointMigrationTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Search.dll
c:\users\rolands\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharePointMigrationTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.CommandUI.dll
c:\users\rolands\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharePointMigrationTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\users\rolands\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharePointMigrationTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Extensions.dll
c:\users\rolands\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharePointMigrationTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\Microsoft.BusinessData.dll
c:\users\rolands\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharePointMigrationTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\users\rolands\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharePointMigrationTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Security.dll
c:\users\rolands\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharePointMigrationTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\System.Spatial.dll
c:\users\rolands\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharePointMigrationTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Server.Search.dll
c:\users\rolands\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharePointMigrationTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Taxonomy.dll
c:\users\rolands\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharePointMigrationTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Server.dll
c:\users\rolands\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharePointMigrationTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Portal.dll
c:\users\rolands\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharePointMigrationTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Publishing.dll
c:\users\rolands\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharePointMigrationTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Server.UserProfiles.dll
c:\users\rolands\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharePointMigrationTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Search.Extended.Administration.dll
c:\users\rolands\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharePointMigrationTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Search.Extended.Administration.ResourceStorage.dll
c:\users\rolands\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharePointMigrationTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Server.Search.Applications.dll
c:\users\rolands\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharePointMigrationTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\Microsoft.mshtml.dll
c:\users\rolands\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharePointMigrationTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Search.Extended.Administration.Common.dll
c:\users\rolands\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharePointMigrationTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Server.Search.Connector.dll
c:\users\rolands\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharePointMigrationTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AnalysisServices.AdomdClient.dll
c:\users\rolands\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharePointMigrationTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Excel.Server.WebServices.dll
c:\users\rolands\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharePointMigrationTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.DocumentManagement.dll
c:\users\rolands\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharePointMigrationTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Policy.dll
c:\users\rolands\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharePointMigrationTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Client.UserProfiles.dll
c:\users\rolands\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharePointMigrationTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.SecureStoreService.Server.Security.dll
c:\users\rolands\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharePointMigrationTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Excel.Server.Udf.dll
c:\users\rolands\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharePointMigrationTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.xml
c:\users\rolands\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharePointMigrationTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Client.xml
c:\users\rolands\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharePointMigrationTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Client.Runtime.xml
c:\users\rolands\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharePointMigrationTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Search.xml
c:\users\rolands\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharePointMigrationTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
c:\users\rolands\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharePointMigrationTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\Microsoft.BusinessData.xml
c:\users\rolands\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharePointMigrationTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
c:\users\rolands\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharePointMigrationTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Security.xml
c:\users\rolands\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharePointMigrationTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\System.Spatial.xml
c:\users\rolands\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharePointMigrationTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Server.Search.xml
c:\users\rolands\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharePointMigrationTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Taxonomy.xml
c:\users\rolands\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharePointMigrationTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Server.xml
c:\users\rolands\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharePointMigrationTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Portal.xml
c:\users\rolands\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharePointMigrationTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Publishing.xml
c:\users\rolands\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharePointMigrationTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Server.UserProfiles.xml
c:\users\rolands\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharePointMigrationTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Server.Search.Connector.xml
c:\users\rolands\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharePointMigrationTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.DocumentManagement.xml
c:\users\rolands\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharePointMigrationTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Policy.xml
c:\users\rolands\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharePointMigrationTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\rolands\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharePointMigrationTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\rolands\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharePointMigrationTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\rolands\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharePointMigrationTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\rolands\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharePointMigrationTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\rolands\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharePointMigrationTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\rolands\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharePointMigrationTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\rolands\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharePointMigrationTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\rolands\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharePointMigrationTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\rolands\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharePointMigrationTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\rolands\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharePointMigrationTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\rolands\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharePointMigrationTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\rolands\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharePointMigrationTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\rolands\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharePointMigrationTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\rolands\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharePointMigrationTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\rolands\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharePointMigrationTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\rolands\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharePointMigrationTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\rolands\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharePointMigrationTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\rolands\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharePointMigrationTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\rolands\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharePointMigrationTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\rolands\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharePointMigrationTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\rolands\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharePointMigrationTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\rolands\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharePointMigrationTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\rolands\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharePointMigrationTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\rolands\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharePointMigrationTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\rolands\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharePointMigrationTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\rolands\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharePointMigrationTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\rolands\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharePointMigrationTool\SharePointMigrationTool\obj\Debug\SharePointMigrationTool.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\rolands\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharePointMigrationTool\SharePointMigrationTool\obj\Debug\SharePointMigrationTool.csproj.SharePointMigrationTool.exe.config
c:\users\rolands\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharePointMigrationTool\SharePointMigrationTool\obj\Debug\SharePointMigrationTool.MigrationToolForm.resources
c:\users\rolands\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharePointMigrationTool\SharePointMigrationTool\obj\Debug\SharePointMigrationTool.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\rolands\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharePointMigrationTool\SharePointMigrationTool\obj\Debug\SharePointMigrationTool.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\rolands\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharePointMigrationTool\SharePointMigrationTool\obj\Debug\SharePointMigrationTool.exe
c:\users\rolands\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharePointMigrationTool\SharePointMigrationTool\obj\Debug\SharePointMigrationTool.pdb
D:\VisualStudio2015\Projects\SPMTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\SharePointMigrationTool.exe.config
D:\VisualStudio2015\Projects\SPMTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\SharePointMigrationTool.exe
D:\VisualStudio2015\Projects\SPMTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\SharePointMigrationTool.pdb
D:\VisualStudio2015\Projects\SPMTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Client.dll
D:\VisualStudio2015\Projects\SPMTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Client.Runtime.dll
D:\VisualStudio2015\Projects\SPMTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.dll
D:\VisualStudio2015\Projects\SPMTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Client.ServerRuntime.dll
D:\VisualStudio2015\Projects\SPMTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Search.dll
D:\VisualStudio2015\Projects\SPMTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.CommandUI.dll
D:\VisualStudio2015\Projects\SPMTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
D:\VisualStudio2015\Projects\SPMTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Extensions.dll
D:\VisualStudio2015\Projects\SPMTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\Microsoft.BusinessData.dll
D:\VisualStudio2015\Projects\SPMTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
D:\VisualStudio2015\Projects\SPMTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Security.dll
D:\VisualStudio2015\Projects\SPMTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\System.Spatial.dll
D:\VisualStudio2015\Projects\SPMTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Server.Search.dll
D:\VisualStudio2015\Projects\SPMTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Taxonomy.dll
D:\VisualStudio2015\Projects\SPMTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Server.dll
D:\VisualStudio2015\Projects\SPMTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Portal.dll
D:\VisualStudio2015\Projects\SPMTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Publishing.dll
D:\VisualStudio2015\Projects\SPMTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Server.UserProfiles.dll
D:\VisualStudio2015\Projects\SPMTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Search.Extended.Administration.dll
D:\VisualStudio2015\Projects\SPMTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Search.Extended.Administration.ResourceStorage.dll
D:\VisualStudio2015\Projects\SPMTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Server.Search.Applications.dll
D:\VisualStudio2015\Projects\SPMTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\Microsoft.mshtml.dll
D:\VisualStudio2015\Projects\SPMTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Search.Extended.Administration.Common.dll
D:\VisualStudio2015\Projects\SPMTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Server.Search.Connector.dll
D:\VisualStudio2015\Projects\SPMTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AnalysisServices.AdomdClient.dll
D:\VisualStudio2015\Projects\SPMTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Excel.Server.WebServices.dll
D:\VisualStudio2015\Projects\SPMTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.DocumentManagement.dll
D:\VisualStudio2015\Projects\SPMTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Policy.dll
D:\VisualStudio2015\Projects\SPMTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Client.UserProfiles.dll
D:\VisualStudio2015\Projects\SPMTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.SecureStoreService.Server.Security.dll
D:\VisualStudio2015\Projects\SPMTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Excel.Server.Udf.dll
D:\VisualStudio2015\Projects\SPMTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.xml
D:\VisualStudio2015\Projects\SPMTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Client.xml
D:\VisualStudio2015\Projects\SPMTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Client.Runtime.xml
D:\VisualStudio2015\Projects\SPMTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Search.xml
D:\VisualStudio2015\Projects\SPMTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
D:\VisualStudio2015\Projects\SPMTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\Microsoft.BusinessData.xml
D:\VisualStudio2015\Projects\SPMTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
D:\VisualStudio2015\Projects\SPMTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Security.xml
D:\VisualStudio2015\Projects\SPMTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\System.Spatial.xml
D:\VisualStudio2015\Projects\SPMTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Server.Search.xml
D:\VisualStudio2015\Projects\SPMTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Taxonomy.xml
D:\VisualStudio2015\Projects\SPMTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Server.xml
D:\VisualStudio2015\Projects\SPMTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Portal.xml
D:\VisualStudio2015\Projects\SPMTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Publishing.xml
D:\VisualStudio2015\Projects\SPMTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Server.UserProfiles.xml
D:\VisualStudio2015\Projects\SPMTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Server.Search.Connector.xml
D:\VisualStudio2015\Projects\SPMTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.DocumentManagement.xml
D:\VisualStudio2015\Projects\SPMTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Policy.xml
D:\VisualStudio2015\Projects\SPMTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
D:\VisualStudio2015\Projects\SPMTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
D:\VisualStudio2015\Projects\SPMTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
D:\VisualStudio2015\Projects\SPMTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
D:\VisualStudio2015\Projects\SPMTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
D:\VisualStudio2015\Projects\SPMTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
D:\VisualStudio2015\Projects\SPMTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
D:\VisualStudio2015\Projects\SPMTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
D:\VisualStudio2015\Projects\SPMTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
D:\VisualStudio2015\Projects\SPMTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
D:\VisualStudio2015\Projects\SPMTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
D:\VisualStudio2015\Projects\SPMTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
D:\VisualStudio2015\Projects\SPMTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
D:\VisualStudio2015\Projects\SPMTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
D:\VisualStudio2015\Projects\SPMTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
D:\VisualStudio2015\Projects\SPMTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
D:\VisualStudio2015\Projects\SPMTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
D:\VisualStudio2015\Projects\SPMTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
D:\VisualStudio2015\Projects\SPMTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
D:\VisualStudio2015\Projects\SPMTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
D:\VisualStudio2015\Projects\SPMTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
D:\VisualStudio2015\Projects\SPMTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
D:\VisualStudio2015\Projects\SPMTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
D:\VisualStudio2015\Projects\SPMTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
D:\VisualStudio2015\Projects\SPMTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
D:\VisualStudio2015\Projects\SPMTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
D:\VisualStudio2015\Projects\SPMTool\SharePointMigrationTool\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
D:\VisualStudio2015\Projects\SPMTool\SharePointMigrationTool\obj\Debug\SharePointMigrationTool.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\VisualStudio2015\Projects\SPMTool\SharePointMigrationTool\obj\Debug\SharePointMigrationTool.csproj.SharePointMigrationTool.exe.config
D:\VisualStudio2015\Projects\SPMTool\SharePointMigrationTool\obj\Debug\SharePointMigrationTool.MigrationToolForm.resources
D:\VisualStudio2015\Projects\SPMTool\SharePointMigrationTool\obj\Debug\SharePointMigrationTool.Properties.Resources.resources
D:\VisualStudio2015\Projects\SPMTool\SharePointMigrationTool\obj\Debug\SharePointMigrationTool.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
D:\VisualStudio2015\Projects\SPMTool\SharePointMigrationTool\obj\Debug\SharePointMigrationTool.exe
D:\VisualStudio2015\Projects\SPMTool\SharePointMigrationTool\obj\Debug\SharePointMigrationTool.pdb
